Integrate `util/groupcommit` package with the coordinator table commit (#1728)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/configurations.md

| `scalar.db.consensus_commit.parallel_implicit_pre_read.enabled`                        | Whether or not implicit pre-read is executed in parallel.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `true`                                                            |
| `scalar.db.consensus_commit.coordinator.group_commit.enabled`                          | Whether or not committing the transaction state is executed in batch mode.                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `false`                                                           |

> | `scalar.db.consensus_commit.coordinator.group_commit.slot_capacity`                    | Maximum number of slots in a group for the group commit feature. A large value improves the efficiency of group commit, but may also increase latency and the likelihood of transaction conflicts[^1].                                                                                    | `20`                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `scalar.db.consensus_commit.coordinator.group_commit.slot_capacity`                    | Maximum number of slots in a group for the group commit feature. A large value improves the efficiency of group commit, but may also increase latency and the likelihood of transaction conflicts.[^1]                                                                                    | `20`                                                              |
```

> | `scalar.db.consensus_commit.coordinator.group_commit.group_size_fix_timeout_millis`    | Timeout to fix the size of slots in a group. A large value improves the efficiency of group commit, but may also increase latency and the likelihood of transaction conflicts[^1].                                                                                                        | `40`                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `scalar.db.consensus_commit.coordinator.group_commit.group_size_fix_timeout_millis`    | Timeout to fix the size of slots in a group. A large value improves the efficiency of group commit, but may also increase latency and the likelihood of transaction conflicts.[^1]                                                                                                        | `40`                                                              |
```

> | `scalar.db.consensus_commit.coordinator.group_commit.delayed_slot_move_timeout_millis` | Timeout to move delayed slots from a group to another isolated group to prevent the original group from being affected by delayed transactions. A large value improves the efficiency of group commit, but may also increase the latency and the likelihood of transaction conflicts[^1]. | `1200`                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `scalar.db.consensus_commit.coordinator.group_commit.delayed_slot_move_timeout_millis` | Timeout to move delayed slots from a group to another isolated group to prevent the original group from being affected by delayed transactions. A large value improves the efficiency of group commit, but may also increase the latency and the likelihood of transaction conflicts.[^1] | `1200`                                                            |
```

| `scalar.db.consensus_commit.coordinator.group_commit.old_group_abort_timeout_millis`   | Timeout to abort an old ongoing group. A small value reduces resource consumption through aggressive aborts, but may also increase the likelihood of unnecessary aborts for long-running transactions.                                                                                | `60000`                                                           |

> | `scalar.db.consensus_commit.coordinator.group_commit.timeout_check_interval_millis`    | Interval for checking the group commit–related timeouts.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `20`                                                              |

Reviewer 2: Just a thought: I suppose finding the right configuration to achieve great performance depends on many factors and requires a lot of testing and monitoring. How do you estimate the degree of difficulty for customers to acquire this know-how?

Author: Really good question... As you thought, many factors including underlying database spec and access pattern by the applications are related. I think it would be worth trying 2 or 3 values per configuration except for `old_group_abort_timeout_millis` and `timeout_check_interval_millis`. In the case of `slot_capacity`, trying `20`, `40`, `60` may be good to find the best configuration. But the combination of these configurations is also important. So, the number of attempts would be 3 (for `slot_capacity`) times 2 (for `group_size_fix_timeout_millis`) times 2 (for `delayed_slot_move_timeout_millis)`, then 12. It might be a bit tough for users, though.

Reviewer 2: I see. Thanks for laying out a practical approach to get closer to a good configuration. Adding that to the documentation would already be quite helpful for users.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! I added [a footnote](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/compare/bdad881...e466a16403e72fb8688bd0990db4dc2b001c5666) for that since the table would be complicated if I put the note in the table. 

@josh-wong Can you take a look at the diff when you get a chance? Thanks

```

For details about client configurations, see the ScalarDB Cluster [client configurations (redirects to the Enterprise docs site)](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/scalardb-cluster/developer-guide-for-scalardb-cluster-with-java-api/#client-configurations).

> [^1]: It's worth benchmarking the performance with a few variations (e.g., 75% and 125% of the default value) on the same underlying storage that your application uses, considering your application's access pattern, to determine the optimal configuration as it really depends on those factors. Also, it's important to benchmark the combinations of these parameters (e.g., First, `slot_capacity:20` and `group_size_fix_timeout_millis:40`. Second, `slot_capacity:30` and `group_size_fix_timeout_millis:40`. Third, `slot_capacity:20` and `group_size_fix_timeout_millis:80`) in order to determine the optimal combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: It's worth benchmarking the performance with a few variations (for example, 75% and 125% of the default value) on the same underlying storage that your application uses, considering your application's access pattern, to determine the optimal configuration as it really depends on those factors. Also, it's important to benchmark combinations of these parameters (for example, first, `slot_capacity:20` and `group_size_fix_timeout_millis:40`; second, `slot_capacity:30` and `group_size_fix_timeout_millis:40`; and third, `slot_capacity:20` and `group_size_fix_timeout_millis:80`) to determine the optimal combination.
```
